♪
[HELM] Guess that's all
that's worth anything, huh?
Yeah, it was pretty slim
pickings, sir.
That ain't enough food
for us all.
[Helm scoffs]
We'll have to see what Morteln's
got that we can plunder.
[indistinct chatter]
Make sure you drive those stakes
in nice and deep!
-[VILLAGERS] Sir!
-Boss.
I'm guessing
you don't have good news, huh?
A village in the knight's fief
of Liptaver's gone.
It was attacked by bandits.
They burned it all
to the ground.
It's only been three weeks
since we returned.
They've already made it
that far?
So then, they'll get here
before the two-month deadline
we were planning on.
[FEUILLE]
Yeah, you're right about that.
Hey, Pas,
I need you to get the word out.
Tell the leader of each village
to hurry here now.
Sir!
Make sure that
Cointreau and Glacage
know they are to come as well.
Understood, sir.
[PAS] The bandits
will be getting here sooner
than we thought.
I'll stop them! I have a dream
and that's to create
a land of sweets.
I can't let some tasteless jerks
destroy it!
[NARRATOR] This is the tale
of a genius patissier,
whose dream of making
the world's greatest dessert
was cut short.
Now, reincarnated
into another realm
as the son of a poor noble,
he pursues a world
full of desserts and smiles!
A tale that's syrupy sweet,
chock full of yummy treats
and sprinkled
with bitter darkness.
A pastry chef, who was reborn,
and dreams of creating this new
world's very own land of sweets!
[PAS] After receiving word,
Father moved swiftly.
We temporarily closed
off the two smaller towns.
He ordered
their wells filled in,
and their fields
and homesteads stripped bare.
Those displaced people
are now hiding out here.
The goal is to lure the bandits
to us.
This is all to avoid
a spontaneous battle.
[FEUILLE]
Boss!
Well, I rounded up
as many folks as I could.
[CASSEROLE] How long
do you reckon we can hold out?
[FEUILLE]
Three days,
if we ration ourselves
to one meal a day,
we could probably stretch it out
to seven.
[indistinct chatter]
[PAS] We're short on forces.
Aside from Father
and his retainers Feuille,
Cointreau, and Glacage,
we don't have enough
fighting power.
With these farmers for soldiers,
our side's inferior.
Father and Feuille
have to know that too.
-We need a solid strategy.
-[MARC] My Lord Pas!
Marc and Lumi!
[MARC] We're here
to fulfill your command!
My Lord, why, aren't we your
dutiful lieutenants after all?
[PAS]
My lef-tenants?
Our fathers are retainers
to this land's suzerain,
isn't that right?
Then you must know
that would make us the retainers
to its next suzerain
and that so happens to be you,
-if I'm not mistaken?
-[Pas sigh]
Hearing you two call me,
"My Lord," makes my skin crawl.
We're old friends,
so why don't you knock it off.
[Lumi and Marc laugh]
[PAS] Normally, around this
time, I'd be playing with them
and the other kids.
Pas, something wrong?
Can I ask you guys
to do me a huge favor?
Sure, you name it!
Think you can gather
some rocks for me?
-Rocks?
-Yeah,
they don't have to be
anything all that special,
just the right size
for throwing.
[LUMI]
Roger that.
[PAS]
Listen to me,
the bandits are already
within the fief's boundaries.
So, if you hear something
making noise in the distance
or see something weird,
don't investigate it,
just get straight to safety,
okay?
[LUMI, MARC]
As you command, Lord Pastry!
I thought I told you,
no more noble treatment!
♪
[Marc groans]
There goes my back!
You sound like
such an old geezer!
Aw, shut up, you. I bet
we've already done ten laps
around the village
at this point.
Oh, yeah, that reminds me
what kind of magic did Pas
end up getting by the way?
I don't know,
he's refusing to tell me
while he's still in training.
Well, he's so darn good
at everything.
He should be even further ahead
of you by now, huh?
What do you mean by that, huh?
We both know I'm still way more
useful than him in a brawl!
-Sure, Marc.
-Just you watch me!
I'll pound those lousy bandits
down...
Hey, did you hear something?
Your ears are
pretty much worthless,
so it's probably nothing
to worry about.
[Marc shoosh]
[Marc look]
-[Marc scared]
-Oh, crap.
♪
Hey! Look out!
The bandits are almost here!
They're here! We saw them!
Quickly! Close the gate
and draw back the bridge!
Don't let the bandits
get inside!
[Marc]
Dad!
Both of you, stay with Lord Pas.
[MARC, LUMI]
Sir!
Please, go and find
all of the little kids
and get them safely
inside at once, Mother!
[VILLAGER 1]
No, it's true then?
They're coming for us?
[VILLAGER 2]
You really think we'll be enough
to stop them?
[FEUILLE]
Don't dare give up yet!
[VILLAGER 3]
Let's hear him out!
[VILLAGER 4]
Please be quiet, everyone!
Listen to me, everybody!
If the bandits make it here,
men will die,
your food will be taken,
and your homes burned down!
I refuse
to ever let that happen here!
And so,
I ask for your resolve as well!
Those who wish to protect
their families, join me now!
We can drive these bandits back
if we work together!
There's not one man here
I believe to be a coward.
I hope you share my faith!
Are you all ready for this?
[PAS]
That's the father I know!
The villagers who felt afraid
are all riled up! He did it!
The sun will be setting shortly.
The bandits will come
when night falls.
Show me your spirit!
[Villagers ready to fight
cheers]
Cointreau,
head to the western canal.
Sir!
Glacage, you need to hurry over
to the east-to-center region.
I'll handle it, sir.
-Everyone with me!
-[Villagers ready and cheering]
Wait, boss.
The bandits would be
at a serious disadvantage
in the dark.
They don't know
the area like we do.
Don't you think
there's still a small chance
that they might wait
until the morning?
They won't,
I suspect they failed
to replenish their food
and their provisions
have run low.
Last year's frost will have left
our neighboring fiefs
with damaged fields
and poor crop yields,
so they won't find much there.
I think they'll want to strike
as soon as possible
and they'll attack at night,
even if it is
to their disadvantage.
You can't say that
for sure though.
If you're wrong and we keep
our men up all night long
they won't be ready
for a battle.
Pas, your thoughts?
There's too much we don't know.
Ideally, I think
we need to find out, in detail,
the extent of the enemy's
supplies and fighting power.
[Casserole agrees]
[PAS]
It's the same with baking.
Before you start, you have
to have an accurate measure
of what you will need
in terms of ingredients,
time, and temperature,
all prepped beforehand.
Early on, when I was making
my first chocolate gâteau--
No, stop that! You've got
bigger things to focus on!
[CASSEROLE]
Let's go.
-[PAS] What're you going to do?
-Armed reconnaissance.
Feuille, you're coming with me.
It's still early enough that
we can probably hit them first.
Good grief.
You're such a taskmaster, boss.
[CASSEROLE] Pas, I'm leaving you
in charge in my absence, son.
Yes, sir!
[CASSEROLE] We'll hit
the bandits hard and withdraw.
Feuille and I will take a long,
roundabout route
and then return from the North.
Take care!
[PAS] Before they make it back,
I'll use my own judgement
to figure out
what I can do to help.
Marc, listen.
I need you to pass this message
to Cointreau
at the western canal.
"Flaming arrows will signal
the enemy's approach."
Lumi, go tell Glacage
to start preparing
the flaming arrows at once.
[PAS] While my father
and Feuille are gone,
the very second you hear even
the faintest sound of hoofbeats,
tell them to shoot their arrows
in the direction of the sound.
You sure, though?
What if the arrows accidentally
hit His Lordship as well?
You think my father
would let himself get hit
by a stray arrow
fired from that far away?
[Marc laughs]
Yeah,
that's pretty hard to imagine!
I mean, he once did something
I'd never seen before.
He dodged a falling rock
by instinct!
Yeah, he really took us to task
after we pulled that prank.
He was so mad, he even
went after your dad for it!
[Marc and Lumi laugh]
[Pas amused]
No matter how well they know
the land,
they could still lose
their way home,
especially at night
with bandits after them.
So, I'm hoping those arrows
help guide them home.
But, uh, can't he teleport
with magic?
His teleportation spell
has a weight limit.
It would be hard for him
to use it on both of them
-and the horses all at once.
-Never knew about that.
-That's wild!
-All right!
-Now, to your tasks!
-[Marc and Lumi] Got it!
[Marc and Lumi take off]
[GIRL 1]
I'm so scared!
[MARIE] What's going to happen
to the village?
It'll be all right.
Don't be too scared, okay?
My daddy and all your daddies
will keep us safe from harm.
They won't let anything
bad happen!
We can count on them.
Now, you go inside too, Josie.
[JOSIE]
Yes. Let's go.
Please, Pas...
-Be careful out there.
-Ma'am!
[PAS] I thought sweets
were the only thing
I'd ever have to worry
much about.
But in this world
if I don't protect my territory,
my dream won't come true
so I'll do what I must do!
To take care of these people
and make them smile.
That's my dream.
That's what a land of sweets
means!
What Father wants
is to hurry up and get
the battle over with tonight,
even if he, himself,
has to be the bait.
Pas, I'm leaving you
in charge in my absence.
Prepare yourself
to fight off these bandits!
[indistinct chatter]
Gather all the kids here!
I have a plan!
Found 'em, boss
and I've got bad news.
These "bandits."
At least a few appear
to be trained cavalrymen.
They've got five horses,
strong ones, in good shape,
and it looks like they know
how to ride 'em too.
[CASSEROLE]
How many men, all told?
Fifty, sixty, no about seventy.
It seems unlikely that
they were driven to banditry
out of desperation.
My guess is,
we're contending with
an experienced gang of raiders.
That's not all.
They've got captives
tied up in their camp, too.
Probably villagers
they kidnapped for slave labor.
I swear, I won't allow them
to do that to anyone
living in our lands!
Do not fall behind, Feuille.
Who do you think
you're talking to?
You'd better keep up
the pace yourself
if you don't feel like catching
an arrow in the butt, Boss!
[Casserole amused]
We're back, chief. Looks like
the surrounding villages
have all been abandoned.
And they filled in the wells
when they left.
[Helm amused]
Yeah, I figured.
They heard we were coming
and decided to concentrate
their defenses in one place.
Well, that's fine.
The sun is down.
-Let's head out.
-[Bandit 2C and 2D] Right!
[Feuille attack]
[Bandit 2F sliced]
They're soldiers from Morteln?
[Helm gasp]
[HELM] They're focusing
on cutting through the camp,
not on taking out our fighters.
These guys know a thing
or two about cavalry tactics.
They got to be trained riders!
Brace yourselves, boys,
they're about to make
another pass!
[groans]
Hey! Don't stand in front
of their horses, you morons!
You're just going to get
trampled!
Their leader knows
the right orders to give.
Then we won't get much done
with another charge.
We got to run before these guys
overwhelm us
with their numbers, boss!
All right, let's head back
and muster our defenses!
[Bandits fired up chasing]
[BANDIT 2L]
Don't let 'em escape!
[BANDIT 2M]
Don't let 'em get back--!
[HELM]
Don't run off, you idiots!
[indistinct chatter]
Amateurs!
Looks like
they all took the bait, Boss.
Let's get back
to the village safely!
Um, something wrong,
Sir Glacage?
-The fire arrows.
-Yes, right away, sir!
Godspeed you, my lord.
The signal! Everyone get ready,
the bandits are on their way!
A fire arrow
and it came from the village!
That has to be Pas.
He's using the arrows
to guide us back home
and if he's willing to use
tactics
that will give away
the location of the village,
I'll bet he's set up an ambush!
They'll ruin the fields if we go
around to the east side.
Will have to break off
to the west.
I guess we'll find out
what he's planned. Let's go!
[VILLAGER 5]
Lord Pas! Emergency!
[Villager 5 running effort]
His Lordship and Sir Feuille
are being pursued by bandits!
-And the arrows?
-We've already loosed two.
They seem to be circling around
the west side of the village.
[Pas nod]
[PAS]
Prepare to fight back!
♪
[indistinct chatter]
We'll butcher
every last one of you!
Time for that detour!
♪
Now, fire!
[screams of pain being pelted]
Damn it,
we ran right into their trap!
Ready!
-Next volley!
-[pelted on fire]
-[PAS] And another!
-[Marc laugh]
Who'd have thought?
Good thing
we play with slings so much!
[PAS] When Father and Feuille
are on their way back
from attacking the bandit camp
they'll break west
to avoid trampling the fields.
And most likely
the bandits chasing them
will have to fall
into a straight line.
The flank of that line
will be their weak point.
That's where
we'll aim our attack.
But, wait, is it safe to have
our kids doing this?
Well, it's not like any of you
grown-ups remember
how to properly use a sling,
right?
[indistinct chatter]
And we all use them
for fun every day!
Yeah, you tell 'em, Lumi!
We may be young,
but we're strong, too!
Now, don't get full of yourself,
boy.
It's only a small ambush.
However, if we can disrupt
their formation
and throw their force
into disarray,
Father and Feuille will be able
to move around more freely.
[indistinct chatter]
If we can have the children help
out with our defense early on,
they won't have as much
of an advantage in numbers.
And once they cross the canal
the children will fall back
and the village militia
will meet the enemy.
[VILLAGER 6]
Understood.
His Lordship told us all
to protect the village together.
Let's all carry out
Lord Pas' defense plan!
[ALL]
Yeah!
Nice, let's show those old farts
what we can do! [laugh]
Lumi, I'd really feel better
if you sat this one out,
considering how you're a girl
and everything.
So, what if I'm a girl?
I'm your retainer!
Not to mention I'm probably
the best slinger here.
Yeah, good point.
Thanks for setting me straight.
I'm not sure if I can do it.
-Lord Pas.
-I promise you'll do fine, guys.
Just play with your slings,
like any other day.
[BOYS]
Yes, sir!
[PAS] I swear. I won't let
any of these children get hurt!
-Slings, release!
-[pelted by flaming rocks]
[FEUILLE]
Whoa! Nice work, kid!
[CASSEROLE]
Let's go, Feuille! Keep it up!
[FEUILLE]
You got it, Boss!
Stupid brats. Hyah!
[walla bandits]
One of 'em is heading
for the wall!
Slings ready!
-[Helm block]
-No more games!
[Pas scoffs]
[BANDIT 2E]
This way! Follow the chief!
Everyone look out
the bandits are here!
[VILLAGER 7]
Lord Pas, run!
[Helm grabs and pulls]
[Helm jump over and attacks]
All right, step up and face me
if you're ready to die!
[Glacage step up]
[Helm scoff]
I'll let them take care of you.
C'mon!
[Cointreau slash]
[villagers fighting]
Boss,
the bandits are over the wall
and their leader's going
after the kids!
-[villagers 2N slashed]
-[launch rock]
-[Lumi] Ya like that?
-[BANDIT 2R] It burns.
Playtime is over now,
you little brats!
[all scared]
Lord Pas, you--
Get the rest of
the children inside.
-[VILLAGER 8] Lord Pas!
-[HELM] Nobody move!
Pas, easy.
You think I'm bluffing?
-Cowardly dog.
-[Cointreau angered]
That man. I can use him!
All right, boys,
cut 'em to pieces!
[Bandits cheer]
Replicate!
Hey, what the hell?
[Helm in pain]
[Helm scream]
My face. It feels like
it's on fire! It burns!
[Helm in pain]
What did you do to me,
you damn monster?
-[Helm in pain]
-[PAS] Nothing special.
I just replicated your friend's
wound onto you.
Did you say "replicate"?
Then you're a magic...
user.
Hardly, I'm no more
than a humble patisserie.
♪
[PAS] Next time
on Sweet Reincarnation.
Apple Pie and Smiles.
Bon appétit!